[RM TSC] Restructuring for GSMA & RM (#1763)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/common/approach.md

Two exemplifications of different common HW realisations of Underlay separation in the HW Infrastructure Layer can be seen in **Figure 3**.

<p align="center"><img src="./figures/RM_NW_Concepts_Layering-HWInfra_Underlay_Examples-PA6.jpg" alt="Underlay Networking separation examples" title="Underlay Networking separation examples" width="100%"/></p>
<p align="center"><b>Figure 3:</b> Underlay Networking separation examples</p>

<a name="5.1.5.2"></a>
#### SDN Overlay and SDN Underlay layering and relationship example

> Two use case examples with both SDNo and SDNu controllers depicting a normal virtual switch encapsulating SW Virtualisation Infrastructure instance and another high performance oriented SW Virtualisation Infrastructure instance (e.g. using SR-IOV) are described in **Figure 4**. The examples are showing how the encapsulation and mapping could be done in the virtual switch or in a SmartNIC on top of a statically provisioned underlay switching fabric, but another example could also have been depicted with the SDNu controlling the underlay switching fabric without usage of SmartNICs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Two use case examples with both SDNo and SDNu controllers depicting a normal virtual switch encapsulating SW Virtualisation Infrastructure instance and another high performance oriented SW Virtualisation Infrastructure instance (e.g. using SR-IOV) are shown in **Figure 4**. The examples show how the encapsulation and mapping could be done in the virtual switch or in a SmartNIC on top of a statically provisioned underlay switching fabric, but another example could also have been depicted with the SDNu controlling the underlay switching fabric without usage of SmartNICs.
```
